CCPP v6.0.0 SciDoc updates (#919)
NCAR/ccpp-physics: physics/docs/pdftxt/CU_GF_deep.txt

statistical mass flux characteristic of deep, congestus, and shallow (respectively) plumes in the grid area. Each PDF therefore represents
a spectrum of plumes within the grid box. Forcing is different for each characteristic type. Entrainment and detrainment are derived 
from the PDF's. The deep convection considers scale awareness (Arakawa et al. (2011) \cite Arakawa_2011 ), the congestus type convection 
as well as the shallow convection are not scale-aware. Aerosol dependence is implemented through dependence of rain generation and 
evaporation formulations depending on the cloud concentration nuclei at cloud base (Berry 1968 \cite berry_1968, 
Jiang et al.(2010) \cite Jiang_2010, and Lee and Feingold (2010) \cite lee_and_feingold_2010 ). Aerosol dependence is considered experimental and 
is turned off at this point. GF is able to transport tracers.

A paper describing the latest changes and modifications is in process and will be submitted to GMD.

\section version_cugf_enh CCPP Physics Updates
\version CCPP v6.0.0

- GPU capabilities have been added
- Cap suppressing based on radar data assimilation has been added. This is used only for RAP suite and

> may be used for RRFS suite, since it needs radar data to be available

Reviewer: Since this functionality cannot be used with the publicly supported RRFS suite, since it does not use GF, I suggest the following change:
```suggestion
may be used for RRFS suite in the future.
```

\section gfcu_descrip  Description

> The Grell-Freitas (GF) scheme as described in Grell and Freitas (2014, GF1) \cite grell_and_freitas_2014 and 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Grell-Freitas (GF) scheme, as described in Grell and Freitas (2014, GF1) \cite grell_and_freitas_2014,
```

Freitas et al. (2018, FG) \cite freitas_et_al_2018, Freitas et al. (2021) \cite freitas_et_al_2021, and Lin et al. (2022) 

> (under review) follow the mass flux approach published by Grell (1993) \cite grell_1993.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(under review) follows the mass flux approach published by Grell (1993) \cite grell_1993.
```

Reviewer: Adressed?

a spectrum of plumes within the grid box. Forcing is different for each characteristic type. Entrainment and detrainment are derived 
from the PDF's. The deep convection considers scale awareness (Arakawa et al. (2011) \cite Arakawa_2011 ), the congestus type convection 
as well as the shallow convection are not scale-aware. Aerosol dependence is implemented through dependence of rain generation and 
evaporation formulations depending on the cloud concentration nuclei at cloud base (Berry 1968 \cite berry_1968, 
Jiang et al.(2010) \cite Jiang_2010, and Lee and Feingold (2010) \cite lee_and_feingold_2010 ). Aerosol dependence is considered experimental and 
is turned off at this point. GF is able to transport tracers.

A paper describing the latest changes and modifications is in process and will be submitted to GMD.

\section version_cugf_enh CCPP Physics Updates
\version CCPP v6.0.0
\author Hannah Barnes (NOAA/Global Systems Laboratories): Hannah.Barnes@noaa.gov
- GPU capabilities have been added
- Cap suppressing based on radar data assimilation has been added. This is used only for RAP suite and

> may be used for RRFS suite, since it needs radar data to be available

Reviewer: I suggest removing mention of RRFS suite since, at least in this release, it does not use the GF convective scheme.

Reviewer: Adressed?

Additionally, the shallow convection and PBL schemes pass cloud information to the radiation scheme, which improved cloud/radiation
interaction and retention of the inversion typically found above mixed layers.

- \ref arg_table_cu_gf_driver_run

\section gen_gfgsd  General Algorithm

> - \ref gen_gf_driver

Reviewer: Why have a General Algorithm section if it is empty?
